from zero turbo trader in 30 days. We
optimize our strategy and we found which
are the best inputs in sample. Today we
check or boost our results really are
running a Monte Caris in multi charts.
Multi charts multiar analysis is
different from the traditional and
academic multiar analysis but it's still
very good answering two specific
questions. First the shuffle trades
analysis. This one shows us how pat
dependent our strategy is. In other
words, how much the sequence of wins and
losses can affect our draw down. Very
simply, if all the simulations move
upwards and the dispersion is tight, the
edge is strong. In our case, the parts
are not very tight, which tells us the
edge is weak and fragile. Second, the
distribution analysis. This one shows us
the possible final outcomes of our
strategy taking into account all the
real strategy constraints. Here, on the
other hand, we do have something
interesting because 100% of the
simulations is profitable. So what is
the conclusion? We probably have some
sort of edge but is small and fragile.
So at this point the real question is
are we fooling ourselves or we are
actually into something? Tomorrow we
start talking about overfeitting.